Chilling Tales for Dark Knights.
[Music]
Want to make sure you never miss a
Chilling Tales for Dark Knights video
again? Be sure to subscribe and hit that
bell to turn on notifications.
This episode of Drew Blood's Dark Tales
is brought to you by Factor. I don't
know about you guys, but I hardly have
time to prepare meals this summer. Hell,
I barely have enough time to eat them.
That's why I use Factor, America's
number one ready to eat meal delivery
service. Eating well is important, but
it sure is a pain sometimes. Between
shopping, meal prep, and cleaning up
afterwards, it's just not feasible for
most people. Factor's gone and solved
this problem for you. You can select
from over 65 delicious, nutritious meals
with options for every lifestyle. And
they're delivered right to your
doorstep, fresh and ready to eat.
They've got perfect choices for
everyone. GLP1 friendly meals,
Mediterranean diet options packed with
protein and healthy fats, calorie smart,
protein plus, keto, vegan, and more. You
get nutritious breakfastes, quick
lunches, premium dinners, and guilt-free
snacks and desserts. All ready to enjoy
in two minutes flat. Healthy meals in a
snap. It makes sticking to your wellness
goals a real piece of cake. Eat smart at
factor meals.com/drew50
off and use code Drew50 off to get 50%
off your first box plus free breakfast
for 1 year. That's code drew 50 off drf
at factormeals.com
for 50% off your first box plus free
breakfast for a year. Get delicious
ready to eat meals delivered with factor
offer only valid for new factor
customers with code and qualifying auto
renewing subscription purchase.
Hey amigos, you know what's really easy
to do and even easier to forget? Please
help me out and hit that like button if
you're listening on YouTube. And if
you're listening somewhere else, what
the hell? Pop in, give me a thumb, say
hello while you're at it. It helps me a
ton with the algorithm. And besides,
it's real nice to see you there. And now
on to the show.
This one's for you, Chanda.
[Music]
Oh [__]
What's up friends? Welcome back. Hey,
August 22nd is a pretty interesting day
in history.
On this day in 1911, the Mona Lisa was
stolen from the Louve Museum in Paris.
It was missing for 2 years and finally
they found the thing in this creepenzo's
apartment. So they wiped it off and
returned it to the museum. Now keep in
mind this was before you could get those
old Sears and Victoria's Secret
cataloges. You had to do what you had to
do back then.
Well, that's true, boy. Nowadays,
environmentalists just squirt tomato
soup on it. Times sure have changed.
Anyway, come on in, friend. Hey, if
you've ever thought to yourself,
>> "Gee, I sure wish I could support CTFD
through some of these difficult times."
>> Well, we're running a little fundraiser
right now to help make ends meet. If
you're able to toss a couple of bucks
our way, please visit helpchillin.org,
which will take you straight to our
GoFundMe. Or if you'd prefer ongoing
support, you can visit our website at
chillingtalesfordarknights.com
and sign up to become a patron there.
Patrons get adree access to all the
podcast episodes and your support helps
ensure we can keep creating content. So
tonight we again welcome author JG
Martin by way of Alock's books.
>> Welcome back JJ. This one's a little
cosmic horror and a little sci-fi and it
comes from his book Crooked Gospels
which of course you can find on
Veilock's books. So without further
delay from author JG Martin I give you
Judas.
The military base doesn't exist. Not
officially.
It's a rusted out corpse of abandoned
hardware. A crumbling graveyard tucked
away in the jungles of South America.
It's lost,
forgotten.
There isn't a single reason anybody
should be here. Not one.
And yet I have company.
She's sitting across from me. Her eyes
are squinting in the glare of the
sunset, peering through the shattered
window at a corroded hatch. It's an
entrance, a doorway to an underground
bunker that I found her lying next to an
hour ago, barely breathing.
"Who are you?" I ask. She doesn't
answer.
Her hands run across the purple bruises
covering her forearms, and all I can
think is the woman's a mess. Her blouse
is torn. Her copper cheeks are flicked
with red. I don't know if the blood
belongs to her or somebody else, but I
figure by the end of this I'll have a
pretty good idea.
I'm not here to hurt you, I say.
She meets my eyes with a hard stare.
It's quiet, unyielding.
She's not concerned who I am. And
judging by the look in her eyes, she's
running a series of probabilities.
It's a black suit that does it always.
People see my suit, they see my
briefcase, and their imagination spins
into overdrive.
I try another question.
Anyone else here with you?
I pause. Her lips part like she's
thinking of speaking before pressing
shut again. Then she nods.
The legs of her chair squeal as she
rocks back and forth, giving motion to
her anxiety.
How many? I ask.
>> Lots,
>> she rasps, voice coarser than sandpaper.
>> They're close. They know exactly where.
>> I doubt that. The woman blinks wideeyed
like I had just slapped her across the
face.
If anybody was with you, I say, chances
are they're already dead. Jobs like
these, they're typically bloodbaths.
They're not the sort of place you expect
to find survivors, much less survivors
like you. Her lips become a thin line,
defiant.
>> And what's that supposed to mean?
>> Only that you look more ready for a
safari than a slaughter house. My gaze
travels from her running mascara to her
cargo shorts, cataloging every scratch
between. I checked you for weapons
before you woke up. You've got no guns,
no ammo. The closest thing you've got to
a sharp edge are your car keys.
>> So
>> So you don't belong in a place like
this? She scoffs.
>> And you do?
>> No, I tell her. Nobody does.
I heave a sigh, hefting my briefcase
onto my lap. The class snap open,
revealing a sea of documents, and I fish
out a clipboard from within.
It's covered in questions.
The sort of questions whose answers are
typically written in blood.
I'd like to chat if you don't mind.
>> I'll pass.
>> She stands swaying. The way she favors
one leg tells me she's nursing a sprain,
maybe worse.
>> I'm out of here,
>> she tells me. Suit yourself. She throws
me a glare that could curdle milk, then
limps for the door. I watch her go. She
makes it to the threshold, even twist
the knob before freezing.
"Something wrong?" I ask.
>> "Just figured you'd try to stop me. cuff
me to a pipe or something.
>> Wouldn't see the point, I say simply.
You aren't going to leave.
The corner of her mouth twitches.
>> Excuse me.
>> It's like this, I say, my eyes tangling
with hers. You know better than I do
what's out there. So, go ahead. Walk out
that door if you think you're safer
outside. I won't try to stop you. Her
expression cracks, almost crumbles, but
then she finds her stubborn courage all
over again.
Twist the knob. The door opens with a
wine. The woman looks out across a
burial ground of rusted humvees
smoldering in the tropical sunset.
Weeds lurch up from cracks in the
pavement. Every last structure is
crumbling, an apocalyptic caricature of
what it once was.
All of it's dead, withering.
A great and unnatural sound rips through
the stillness like a thousand nails
dragging down a chalkboard.
It echoes across the abandoned base, a
twisted electronic whale that sets my
teeth on edge. Maria slams the door
shut, her fingers fumbling with the
lock. She turns to me, her back pressed
against the weathered wood. her entire
body trembling.
In her eyes, I see a reflection of my
own unease, a shared understanding that
we're not alone out here.
>> "What the [__] is going on here?"
>> she demands, her voice trembling.
"That's the million-dollar question,
isn't it?" Her eyes narrow, fingernails
digging into the wood.
I fish my badge out of my jacket and
slide it across the floor to her. There
you go. Everything you need to know
about me. I'm with the facility
investigating a series of disappearances
linked to this compound.
She studies the badge, eyes darting
across the laminate.
>> The facility.
>> We're a shadow contractor. I explain.
That means the less people know about
us, the easier it is to do our work. She
stalks back to her chair, eyes narrowed.
>> And what is that work?
>> Events
>> that's supposed to mean something.
>> Not to you. Point is, I'm the one you
call when the things that go bump in the
night actually do. Think monsters,
entities.
My job is to hunt these things, capture
them if I can. Laughter touches her
lips.
>> You expect me to believe that?
>> I don't expect you to believe anything.
You asked a question and I answered it.
That's typically how conversations go.
All I ask is you returned a favor. Now,
you saw something in that bunker, and
I'd like to know what it was.
Her eyes dart to the shattered window to
the corroded hatch rising from the dirt.
Who who says I was even in the bunker?
>> You do, I tell her simply, pulling out a
pack of smokes. It's written on your
bruises, your cuts. I see it in the way
you keep stealing glances toward the
entrance with a sort of haunted look
that only somebody like me could
understand.
>> "Somebody
like you?"
>> she says quietly.
I nod, slipping a cigarette between my
lips. I killed my father, I tell her,
pocketing my lighter and sucking back a
lung full of nicotine.
Happened when I was 7 years old.
A shadow woke me up. Some tall man with
two faces and no eyes asked me what my
favorite nightmare was. Her gaze turned
stony. I keep talking. Being the stupid
[__] of a kid I was, I screamed.
Top of my lungs, I screamed.
And you know who came running in without
a second's hesitation?
I feel something well up in my throat.
And I pressed the cigarette firmer to my
lips. Inhale harder. Blow out a dark
plume.
My dear old dad,
he came charging in and I scrambled my
ass right under that bed, cowering,
trembling.
The woman leans forward, expression
painted with sympathy.
I watched the tall man lift my dad up to
the ceiling, I say, trying to keep my
voice even.
[Music]
It turned to me and smiled, saying,
"I've got just a nightmare for you,
kiddo."
And do you know what it did?
She shakes her head slowly like she's
dreading the answer.
It tore my dad in two, I tell her. Right
down the middle like he was made of
paper [__] me.
I burned the cigarette down to the
filter. Then I keep going until I feel
my lungs catch fire.
Truth be told, I hate this story. I hate
it more than anything else in the entire
world. And if I had it my way, I'd bury
it and never think of it again. But in
moments like these, it's the most
valuable history I own. Even now, it's
working its black magic.
I watched the woman's posture shift, her
shoulders slumping forward in horrified
disbelief,
her eyes welling with tears.
She's doing the human thing,
empathizing.
And that's exactly what I'm going to use
to take what I need from her. And there
she goes again, staring at that bunker.
She's wearing the expression of a woman
who's lost between a nightmare and a
daydream, who wants nothing more than to
wake up from both.
"My name's Carter," I tell her. "What's
yours?"
She takes a breath, sharp as a knife's
edge. Her eyes dissect me one final
time, weighing the risk.
>> "Maria,"
>> she says finally.
My name's Maria.
>> It's nice to meet you, Maria. I'm going
to have to insist that you tell me what
you saw in that bunker. It's important.
Her hands shift nervously in her lap.
>> You said that you hunted monsters.
>> That's right.
>> Well, what about demons?
>> I arch an eyebrow.
What about them?
>> Are they real?
>> Depends who you ask.
You saying you saw one down there?
>> I don't know,
>> she says, voice taught as a wire.
>> Maybe not a demon, but something like
it,
>> she pauses, fingernails scraping into
her shorts.
>> I think I saw the devil down there.
Satan himself.
Satan.
I whistle low. Now that'd be something.
>> I knew it,
>> she mutters, rising from her seat.
>> You think I'm a lunatic? I knew you
wouldn't.
>> Slow down, I say. I don't think you're a
lunatic.
Not yet.
Those disappearances I mentioned
earlier, they're strange, Maria.
Atypical.
It's not people that are going missing,
but monsters.
She settles back in her chair, eyes
widening.
>> Monsters.
>> I gesture to the fractured window to the
rotten carcass of the base beyond.
This place is the Bermuda Triangle for
boogeymen.
Entities are being drawn here, but as
soon as they cross the perimeter, they
vanish.
drop off every last sensor we've got.
And I'm not talking about Saturday night
ankle snatchers either. I'm talking
about heavy hitters, nightmare fuel, the
kind of monsters that we can't destroy,
much less contain.
She shrinks in her seat.
>> And you think all that's connected to
what I saw?
>> Maybe, maybe not.
Won't know till I get the full picture.
She swallows hard.
>> Get me out of this hell hole and I'll
tell you whatever you want.
>> Unfortunately,
I say even a sigh. That's not possible.
We've got to do this here and now,
preferably before sundown.
>> Why?
>> She demands.
I take a moment to think hard about how
much I want to traumatize the woman. A
little, certainly. Some fear is always
good. It's motivating, energizing.
But too much of it and you get panic.
And panic is messy. Panic is
unpredictable.
Here's the thing. I began choosing my
words with care. Entities, monsters.
These things have common
characteristics, Maria.
One being that they're more active at
nightfall.
The other is that they have a habit of
imprinting themselves on individuals,
tracking them, marking them.
>> You're saying that I've been marked,
that it's going to come back for me?
>> Her voice is quivering.
I'm saying that if it does, I need to
understand what we're up against. And to
do that, I need your story. So talk
while the daylight's still on our side.
She rakes a hand through her hair,
frantic.
>> Let me think.
It started a couple of weeks back, I
guess. A reader sent in a tip about this
place.
>> Slow down. A reader,
>> right? Sorry. I'm a journalist for an
online paper. We chase tips, usually
political dirt.
But this one, it was different.
>> Your tipster have a name? Arlo.
>> Last name. She shakes her head.
>> Didn't give one.
>> Good enough. I scratch it onto the page.
>> Arlo claims he'd been hearing screams.
>> She continues, words tumbling out.
>> His whole village had echoing from the
jungle. Military convoys were sneaking
through at night, their headlights off,
all heading up some forgotten road. Arlo
knew where it led though. Up to an old
base, one with a history of
experiments.
>> I look up from my clipboard.
Experiments.
>> Human ones.
>> She croaks.
>> Genetic horrors.
DNA splicing. A grab bag of the most
unethical [__] you can imagine.
>> And how'd Arlo get read into something
like that?
He worked there,
>> she explains.
>> Years ago during the Cold War.
>> My pen scratches at my clipboard. Pages
crinkling as I fill in a dozen different
fields. The nearest village is 12 miles
out, I say. How'd Arlo hear screams from
this base?
>> That's the thing.
>> Her voice drops thick with unease.
>> The screams weren't coming from the
base, but the jungle itself.
Arlo said they sounded just like they
did in the old days. The screams, I
mean, guttural, inhuman,
the kind of sounds only mutilated
throats could make.
This episode of Drew Blood's Darktales
is brought to you by Factor. Sticking to
wellness goals means eating healthy. We
all know that. But eating healthy,
especially with schedules like ours, is
damn near impossible. Unless you've got
a personal chef, that is. Lucky for me,
I do have a personal chef. He prepares
chef crafted dietitionian approved
meals, and delivers them right to my
door. Nutritious breakfast, quick
lunches, premium dinners, and guilt-free
snacks and desserts, all ready to eat in
just 2 minutes. No, I'm not some high
flutin aristocrat. You can have a
personal chef, too. It's Factor. Factor
is America's number one ready to eat
meal delivery service. With Factor,
eating healthy is easy. They do all the
work. You just warm it up, eat like a
king, and toss the container in the
recycling bin. Selections for every
lifestyle, too. Options like
Mediterranean, Calorie Smart, Protein
Plus, Keto, Vegan, and more. Whatever
you like to eat, Factor's got you
covered. And it's gourmet stuff,
friends. They've got a giant selection
of weekly meal options, including
premium seafood for no extra cost.
What's my favorite? Has to be the filet
minion with truffle butter over leak and
potato mash and rosemary carrots.
We're not talking about TV dinners here.
This stuff is primo.
So, I hope you'll join me and give
Factor a try. If you've got wellness
goals like I do, I'm going to go out on
a limb and say it's practically
mandatory because if I'm going to eat
healthy, I need it to be as easy as
humanly possible. See, my real personal
chef is Chef Mike, as in microwave. And
that's about all the culinary artistry
I'm willing to indulge these days. From
more choices to better nutrition, it's
no wonder 97% of customers say Factor
helped them live a healthier life. I'm
one of them. So eat smart at
factormeals.com/drew50
off and use code drew50 off to get 50%
off your first box plus free breakfast
for one year. That's code drew50 off
drff
at factormeals.com for 50% off your
first box plus free breakfast for one
year. Get delicious, ready to eat meals
delivered with Factor. Offer only valid
for new Factor customers with code and
qualifying autorenewing subscription
purchase.
He claimed they were test subjects set
loose in the wild.
>> Said loose. The pin nearly slips from my
fingers.
>> Guess so. He said they had released the
guinea pigs, then sent out the more
advanced models to hunt them down.
>> "For what purpose?" "Food," she says,
her voice as cold as a mortterary slab.
"I know on my pin, tasting plastic and
dread." "Tell me more about Arlo. How
old was he?
>> 70, maybe?"
>> She wrinkles her nose.
He was fit, but weathered.
>> Weathered how?
>> Like life had put him through the
ringer. Leathery skin, half his teeth
gone, his hair was a tangled mess. And
I'm pretty sure I saw lice crawling in
his beard.
>> She shuddters.
>> And his eyes.
God, his eyes.
>> Describe them. Well, they were pale,
paler than the moon, and they'd pulse.
Swear to God, they'd bulge out of his
skull like they were trying to escape.
It was freakish.
Cataracts, not altogether uncommon for a
man of Arlo's age. And that hatch, I
mutter, nodding toward the bunker's
rusted maul.
I'm guessing that's how you and Arlo got
inside. a nod. Walk me through it.
What's down there? Maria's brow furrows,
eyes unfocusing as she dredges up the
memory.
It was narrow,
like this metal throat descending into
darkness that seemed to stretch forever.
Arlo said we'd find what we needed
below. Evidence to blow the whole
conspiracy wide open.
What condition was the bunker in? Harlo
made it sound operational.
>> Not even close, she says, shaking her
head.
It was a tomb, looked like it had been
abandoned since the 70s. Moss crept up
the walls and the ladder rattled with
every step we took. The whole place was
a death trap. Every time I put my foot
down, I half expected the rung to snap.
I kept scribbling, lost in my thoughts.
One would think Arlo would clue in that
the bunker wasn't fit for operation.
But then Arlo's description doesn't
strike me as a man altogether there.
Add the pale eyes of borderline feral
demeanor, and I can't help but wonder if
Arlo wasn't so much an employee of the
program as he was a product of it. Maria
continues, pulling me back into her
story.
>> 50 ft down, we hit the catwalks, dozens
of them. They sprawled out from the
ladder like a metal spiderweb, each
leading to a different level, a
different entrance.
>> She pauses, a trimmer running through
her. When she speaks again, her words
are barely audible.
>> The entrances were welded shut, Carter.
Every last one. It's like they were
desperate to keep something in.
Something they couldn't risk getting
out.
>> Then how'd you get inside? I ask.
>> We We found an entrance that was
different.
It said at the bottom of the ladder,
half drowned in rainwater.
We waited through the flooding up to our
knees and
>> and
her fingers curled.
>> It was ripped open.
>> She breathes.
>> The entrance was torn apart like
something had clawed its way out. Peeled
the steel back like it was tin foil.
We're talking inches of hardened metal
here. Enough to shrug off a nuclear
blast.
I mean, Christ. What could do something
like that?
>> For the first time, real fear slithers
through my veins. It's cold, insidious.
If what she's describing is true, then
there are two, maybe three entities with
that capability, all of which are
impossibly violent.
Official protocol is to avoid contact at
all costs. If contact is made, then
policy dictates the elimination of all
witnesses to ensure the preservation of
social order. I look at Maria. Really
look at her. Bruised, bloodied, cradling
what's likely a fractured arm. She's
already been through hell. I wonder if
I'll have the stomach to put her out of
her misery if it comes to it.
the door, I say, fighting to keep my
voice steady. Arlo worked there. What
did he make of the damage to it? She
gives a bitter snort. Said it was
explosives.
He claimed the military blasted their
way in a few months back to reboot their
little science fair, but that was
[__]
The door was warped outward, not in, and
there wasn't a hint of blast damage
anywhere.
I called him on it. Of course I did. But
Arlo just changed the subject. Asked if
I had any skeletons in my closet.
Asked me if I'd ever hurt people or
considered it. And my pen pauses on the
page. Hold on. He asked if you had hurt
people. Why?
>> I don't know. She says
>> Arlo had demons in his past given his
work at the base. I figured maybe he was
looking to start a conversation.
Hoping we could forgive each other for
our sins sort of thing.
>> She shakes her head.
>> It doesn't matter. He dropped the
subject pretty quick once he realized I
didn't bring anything for show and tell.
>> I see. I murmur. I'm guessing he led you
through that mangled entrance then.
Maria nods.
>> The passage beyond it was pitch black.
We sloshed through endless corridors,
our headlamps throwing twisted shadows
on the walls. It felt
wrong, though. Even then, it was like we
weren't alone down there, like something
was watching us from the gloom.
>> My skin prickles.
Did it still seem abandoned at that
point? nonoperational.
>> Definitely,
>> she says.
>> The whole place was a time capsule. The
rooms were full of ancient magazines,
peeling posters, and little relics that
had to be half a century old.
Some floated past us in the water.
Others sat on moldy tables. I fished
through some filing cabinets and found
old lockets, even a few wedding rings
alongside piles of classified documents.
Her teeth find the lip, a distant look
in her eyes.
>> It seemed
strange, you know, that they'd just
leave all of that stuff behind.
>> Yes, I think. Unless they needed to get
out in a hurry. Was the whole bunker
flooded?
>> No. Before long, we climbed out of the
water into a new chamber. This one was
dry, but
>> a violent shiver wrecks her frame.
>> Claustrophobic,
narrow.
All along the concrete walls were dark
streaks of paint. The air was
musty,
rancid,
and when we turned the corner,
>> she stops, her face draining of color.
A beat passes.
Her voice when she finds it again is
horsearse.
>> Something crunched under my foot.
>> She tells me
bones.
Piles of them a foot deep or more. It
looked like they had died clawing over
each other, desperate to escape
something.
That's when I realized the streaks along
the walls weren't paint.
They were blood, old and brown.
>> My heart pounds.
Could this be evidence of Arlo's claims?
Were the bones mutated at all? Maria
offers a slow nod.
Something worse than others.
One skull looked human maybe, but its
jaw was elongated almost like a horse.
A single twisted horn curved out of its
forehead.
Another was flat, square. It looked like
somebody had rolled a person's head
under a tractor, but it had dozens of
eye sockets, multiple mouths.
Maria gags.
Looks like she might be sick from the
memory. And I'm feeling a little queasy
myself, but for an entirely different
reason. Outside, we're losing daylight.
Night is fast approaching, and I'm
worried it might be bringing something
that I'm not yet ready to deal with.
Something violent,
deadly.
And Darlo, I croak, choking down my
dread. What did he say after showing you
that evidence?
>> He asked me how it made me feel.
>> I blink.
how it made you feel.
Maria sucks back a breath, her voice
beginning to shake.
>> Yeah, he picked one up. Another skull.
But where the mouse should have been
were these mandibles, like a wasp or an
ant?
>> She pauses, twisting with discomfort.
>> Artlo's eyes. They bulged, glowed in the
dark. I swear to Christ.
Then he shoved the skull in my face.
Asked me how it made me feel.
>> Her voice plummets.
>> He pressed me against the wall hard. His
breast smelled like rot.
Decay.
Then he started rubbing the skull
against my cheeks, panting like an
animal. And I freaked out. Shoved him
backwards. He came back at me, so I took
a swing at him, caught him right across
the jaw, and he dropped, spitting out a
mouthful of blood.
>> I narrow my eyes. Did he get the
message?
>> He got a message, just not the one I was
trying to send.
>> Maria gets up from her chair, hands
pumping in and out of fists, starts to
pace. It's like she's too full of
nervous energy to sit in one place. And
I can relate.
>> Arlo started acting like a lunatic after
that babbling. He kept alternating
between crying and shrieking, shouting
that I was cruel and evil, a monster.
Then he'd collapse, curl into a ball,
and start crying like an infant.
>> Bizarre,
she scoffs. Yeah, you're telling me it
was the weirdest thing. None of it felt
real though, you know? It felt more like
an act, a performance,
like he was putting on a show. And
>> realization dawns in her eyes.
>> Oh god.
And maybe he was.
>> What do you mean? I ask.
>> We heard the sound after. like right
after a clang. It ran through the
tunnels. Then it kept ringing
almost like something heavy was coming
down the ladder. That long one back at
the entrance. Arlo stopped crying. He
shot up, grabbed my hand, and started
raving, saying the military commandos
were here and we needed to hide. Said he
knew a place they wouldn't find us. And
where did he take you?
>> I'm I'm not sure exactly,
>> Maria says, running a hand through her
hair.
>> We fled down passages that twisted and
turned like a labyrinth. At that point,
I had no idea where we were. No idea how
to find my way back. He was my lifeline,
my only shot. But the whole time,
>> she shivers.
I heard something rumbling in the dark.
>> Something I echo.
>> It wasn't the commandos.
>> She tells me
>> it wasn't even alive.
It sounded artificial,
electronic,
like feedback from a microphone. A
thousand times worse.
It was just like the howl we heard
earlier when
>> when you opened the door. I say, my jaw
tensing.
I glance down at my clipboard, mind
worring. That howl.
The honest truth is, I've never heard
anything like it. Not in my entire
career. It doesn't match a single entity
in the facility's database.
It's a genuine anomaly. An unknown
quantity that worries me more than
my pin cracks in my grip.
Christ, am I actually scared?
>> Is everything okay, Carter?
>> Maria.
I look up and she's staring at me with
de-eyed concern, her auburn hair
plastered to her forehead with sweat and
blood.
You kind of zoned out there for a
second. And
>> I'm fine, I lie. Loosening my tie with a
shuddering breath. Just having some
trouble acclimating to the heat. I think
it'll pass. I'm sure. Please continue
your story.
She studies me for a moment, gives me
the sort of look you give a kid that
just had a nightmare, then pushes on.
>> Arlo and I ran. she says.
>> He brought me to a room that made the
last corridor smell like a rose garden.
It was wide, shaped like a pentagon.
Machine gun barrels poked out from slots
in the concrete walls. Written between
them were the words. Her voice trails
off. Maria tries to finish her thought,
but it comes out as a sob.
She drops her face into her hands and
tears come out like a torrent. Messy and
loud. I want to give her time, but
time's the one thing we don't have.
Outside, the sun is missing. It's gone.
Vanish beneath the horizon. The last
scraps of daylight are making crooked
shadows of the tree line, spilling them
across the base like decrepit fingers
reaching hungrily toward us.
My eyes find my clipboard.
I scan my notes, desperate for a clue,
hoping I might have missed something.
But my writing's a mess. It's uneven,
hardly legible.
My hands been shaking. shaking like it
was the night I saw my father.
>> Sector 5,
>> Maria chokes out, I glance up at her.
>> The words on the wall in the room,
>> she says, wiping tears from her eyes,
recomposing herself.
>> They said sector 5
feeding troth.
>> Words. Is she really getting this worked
up over stupid words?
They were food,
>> she says quietly.
>> All the corpses in that room were food.
The bodies were everywhere, scorched,
halfdevoured.
They were rotten away with maggots born
out of their skin. And oh god, some of
them looked fresh
like I could still smell the copper in
the air. could still hear the wet slap
of blood with every step I took.
>> Her eyes slide downward, gazing at the
red stains painting her boots.
What did they look like? I ask. Were the
bodies mutated? Human.
Maria wrinkles her nose, thinks on it
for a moment.
>> You mentioned missing monsters earlier,
boogeymen.
>> My heart skips a beat.
What about them?
>> Well,
>> she breathes.
>> I think I found them.
>> I draw back and it's my turn to go pale
with shock.
Puzzle pieces begin to connect in my
mind, building a picture that I'm not
sure I want to see. How can you be sure?
I demand, desperation creeping into my
tone. What if they were just more of the
same test subjects like the others?
>> No, these were different,
>> Maria says. Horrifying in ways the
others couldn't compare to. It was like
looking at a mannequin or a doll.
What's that phrase?
>> Uncanny Valley. I supply my mouth dry.
>> Exactly. It was like they didn't have a
soul. Like they never had a soul.
Some looked human nearly. Only they were
too tall or their limbs were too long or
they had too many teeth in all the wrong
places.
>> Her expression darkens.
>> But the worst part was that something
had slaughtered those things.
Ripped literal nightmares to pieces. And
I knew there was a good chance it was
coming to do the same to Arlo and I.
>> Arlo, I muttered.
If you'd been to section 5 before, then
he must have known about that graveyard.
Those bodies didn't appear overnight.
She nods, lips tight with disdain.
>> He knew. The bastard knew everything. He
shoved me into that pile of
of corpses and told me as much. He
started raving, calling me evil,
twisted, a monster all over again. He
kept pointing at me like all of this was
my fault, like he hadn't just led both
of us to our deaths.
>> Her voice breaks.
All the while, that
thing howled in the darkness, its
footsteps rumbling towards us. I felt
terrified,
hopeless.
I kept asking Arlo, "Why me? Why go
through all this trouble just to kill
me?"
>> She chokes back a sob,
>> but he said he didn't have a choice. He
knelt next to me, put a hand on my
cheek, and whispered that his child
needed to feed.
Told me it was getting hungry,
desperate.
He almost looked [__] remorseful, if
you can believe it.
>> Tears trickled down Maria's cheeks.
>> I had nowhere to run, nowhere to hide.
I didn't know how to get out of that
bunker. didn't even have a working
headlamp.
So, I just lay there in that heap of
monsters, quietly sobbing.
The footsteps got closer. The nearer
they came, the slower they moved. It was
like that creature knew I was trapped,
like it had done this before and knew it
could take its time.
Did you see it? I press pin poised
against the clipboard.
She cradles herself in her arms,
shivers.
>> Yes,
it was tall,
nothing but a flickering shadow.
And it pulsed, vibrated.
The way it moved was jerky, haphazard,
almost like it had one foot in our
reality, glitching in and out of
existence.
>> Glitching, I mutter.
The word tugs at a memory, something I
can't quite grasp.
And its eyes,
Maria whispers, shrinking into herself.
It had these amber eyes, bright and
gleaming,
like twin cinders smoldering in empty
space.
It felt like they were piercing me, like
its eyes were digging through my skin
and looking into my mind.
my soul.
It felt like it was taking bites out of
my memories,
tasting them before spitting them back
out.
>> My clipboard trembles on my lap, my
whole body a wash with dread.
Was it painful? I ask.
>> No,
>> she says, her eyes unfocused.
>> It was cold.
just cold,
like a blizzard tearing through my mind,
freezing every thought to a crawl.
Maybe that's why I didn't run.
I just sat there numb, watching as the
shadow passed through the concrete
pillars like they were misted.
>> She grips her knees, shaking her head.
>> It was almost human, whatever it was.
Two arms, two legs, a head. But its
body,
Jesus, its body was pure static. Carter,
like TV interference.
TV interference.
The phrase shakes something loose in my
mind. Some half-remembered case file.
I flipped frantically through my
clipboard, stopping at a page labeled
aberate events. the facility's very own
most wanted list. My eyes scan the
entries, but nothing matches. Nothing
even comes close. A thought hits me.
Your cuts and bruises. Were they the
work of this shadow?
Maria glances at her arms, at the gashes
crusting with dried blood and the
swollen bruising.
>> "No,"
>> she tells me. I picked these up running
through the bunker.
>> And there it is. The first clue I've
landed on all night. Of course, the
shadow wouldn't bother with Maria. Not
while it already had another far richer
meal available.
>> It walked past me, she continues.
>> It walked through all that mulch of
corpses and headed straight for Arlo.
And it started speaking.
>> Speaking
>> remember that how I mentioned earlier?
>> Sure.
>> Well, this time it was hissing
like a live wire or static electricity.
Whatever it was saying, Arlo wasn't a
fan. He started weeping, pleading with
it. He kept swearing that he had done
his best and there was nothing else out
there. So the shadow would have to make
do with me.
>> Her voice catches.
>> But the shadow didn't care. It grabbed
Arlo by his hair, lifted him to the
ceiling
and its eyes.
Those cinder light eyes.
They blazed an angry orange.
>> My heart pounds like a war drum. And
what did it do to him?
>> What do you think? she says darkly.
>> Arlo thrashed in its grip, screamed. He
begged me to help. Said I'd be next if I
didn't.
She's a monster, he kept shouting over
and over.
But then his voice collapsed in his
throat, turned into this choking gurgle
as the shadow's eyes flashed red. And
Arlo, Christ almighty. Arlo started to
gurgle moan.
His face started to wrinkle, melting
into his skull. And Maria takes a deep
shuddering breath. Starts to pace.
Her cheeks are blotchy with tears, her
fingers anxiously picking at the hem of
her blouse like she's trying to walk off
the memory.
Finally, she stops at the window.
looks out across the darkened base, out
toward that rusty hatch in the dirt.
Is she feeling it? I wonder.
That rumbling beneath our feet,
that slow funeral march of an
approaching nightmare.
It almost feels like the ticking of a
clock, and I can't help but think it's a
fitting metaphor for our bleak
situation.
Maria, I press. It's critical I get
these details.
>> The shadow held Arlo there,
>> she rasps,
his legs twitching, his face dripping
into his shirt, and then
>> Maria brings a hand to her mouth, starts
chewing her nails to the bit.
>> It tore his head clean off like a bottle
cap.
It lifted Arlo's head to its amber eyes,
opened its mouth, and screamed a fire at
him. The heat was like standing at the
gates of hell.
My pen flies across the page, sweat
dripping down my brow. It's hard to miss
now. The rumbling thumb.
Like a giant walking beneath the earth,
quaking the ground with its every
footfall.
Do you feel that?
>> Maria whispers, face contorting in
horror.
>> I feel
>> footsteps, I hiss.
Yes, of course I do. Whatever you saw
down there is coming, Maria. And unless
you stop veering off, I'm not going to
be able to save us. Finish your story.
She nods, frantic.
>> Right. Right. Um, these tendrils burst
from the shadow like limbs and they
cracked Arlo's skull like an egg. The
shadow reached inside, pulled out his
brain, and then brought it into itself.
His [__] brain carter like it was
assimilating him or or devouring him, I
offer.
Her fingers clutched the edge of the
window, monitoring the bunker with
growing dread. Now, do you get it?
>> She asks.
>> Now, do you see why I called it the
devil? I mean, what else could do
something like that? A good question. A
terrifying one.
If what Maria is describing is accurate,
then I can think of a single entity that
fits the bill. Just one, though. If I'm
right, then we'll probably live to see
Daybreak.
But if I'm wrong, well, some nightmares
are better left unspoken.
My fingers brush the warm still of the
Glock on my hip. And I wonder if I'll
have the courage to do what's necessary
if the time comes.
After it killed Arlo, what did it do to
you? I ask.
It glared at me, she whispers. Another
blizzard washed over my mind. It turned
my thoughts into ice cubes, made me go
rigid with shock, and then then I
blacked out.
>> "Wait," I say, lowering my pin. "If you
blacked out down there and didn't know
the way out, then how'd you escape?"
She leans her shoulder against the wall,
heaves a sigh. "That's just it. I
couldn't tell you.
One second I'm in that chamber of
corpses and the next I'm outside with
you dumping water on my face.
That's it. Everything I remember.
I grip a fistful of my hair, staring
down at the mess of words on my
clipboard.
Frustration boils inside of me. I was
close, this bloody close to finishing
the puzzle, to saving our lives, only to
be stonewalled by her amnesia. And hang
on.
A smile crosses my face. Memories thread
together in my mind, and all at once,
I'm getting the full picture. The
blackout, the blizzard in her skull, all
of it starting to add up. And I finally
know beyond a shadow of a doubt what
we're dealing with here.
Yes, it's so obvious.
Has been since the start. If only I
>> police.
>> I blink. Maria's standing in front of
me. Her expression urgent.
>> I've got to tell the cops about Arlo.
>> She says,
>> "Tell them about the bunker. There could
still be others down there. Victims.
Maybe some still alive. We need to form
search parties. And
>> we're not talking to the police, I tell
her flatly. And I wouldn't worry about
the victims either. She gapes at me,
stunned.
>> I don't understand.
>> It's simple, I say, rising from my seat.
The cops won't have any record of Arlo.
Sure, you can tell them what you saw
down there, but they'll likely put a
bullet in your head for your trouble. I
fish out my lighter, flick the wheel. A
flame dances to life. Arlo doesn't
exist, Maria.
Neither does this base.
Neither do you. I touch the flame to my
clipboard, and the paper catches,
curling with smoldering hunger.
>> The hell are you doing?
>> Maria exclaims. Saving your life.
I dropped a clipboard with a clatter. It
pops and cracks as the flames eat her
story. One word at a time.
>> But you said you believed me.
>> And I do. I tell her. That's the whole
problem.
An hour ago, I was still in the dark on
this whole thing. But the more you
talked, the clearer it became. You and
Arlo stumbled onto something real here,
Maria. A genuine conspiracy.
A real cover up. Then the people need to
know.
>> They do, I confess. And they will
eventually, but not from you and not
from my report either. She shakes her
head.
>> Then how?
>> I stalk past her to the window, resting
my palms against the seal.
The air is thick, humid with jungle
heat. I'll find a way. I always do.
Maria studies me, glaring hard enough I
can feel it on the back of my neck. Then
she asks the obvious question.
>> It's your employer, isn't it? The
facilities behind all this, the cover
up, the experiments, the
>> Yes, I tell her. I suspect it is.
She joins me at the window. We stare out
into the darkness at the steel hatch
rising from the earth where a devil made
flesh is inching ever closer.
>> "I thought your job was hunting
monsters,"
>> she said coldly.
>> "Not making them."
>> "My job is a lot of things. More than
anything else, it's complicated.
The facility is
well, it's not what I'd call a good
organization." Maria, or even a moral
one.
>> Then what is it?
>> I weigh my words carefully.
A pragmatic answer to an otherwise ugly
question.
How does one save our species from a
force so twisted it defies all language?
>> I'm not sure I understand where this is
going.
>> Something is coming for this world,
Maria.
Something vast and twisted. A nightmare
born from the coldest corners of the
furthest reaches of space.
It's cruel, unfathomable,
hungry.
My job, the facility's job, is hunting
monsters,
capturing those we can, not to study
them or rehabilitate them, but to use
them,
to wield them. I heave a sigh, tasting
guilt on my tongue.
We're drafting these creatures into an
army, Maria. Using them to fight back
against that cosmic force, that great
evil coming our way.
>> What is it exactly?
>> We don't know.
Theories range from an elder god to a
kind of misaligned consciousness from a
higher dimension.
Whatever it is, we call it the entity.
>> Okay.
I'm still not sure what any of that has
to do with this base, though.
>> This base was the result of that entity,
a response to it. In those days, the
facility couldn't be certain how much
time we had, only that the entity was
coming and that it was hungry.
Fear made them desperate.
They green lid anything that might save
us. Or so the rumors go.
>> Rumors?
>> I nod grimly.
Few records exist of the facility's
activities during the Cold War. Most
documents were destroyed.
Those that remain are buried under
redactions.
I wasn't around then, obviously, but I
picked up bits and pieces from
old-timers I worked with. They'd talk
about black projects in pass and hidden
programs.
One project was infamous. So much so
that even now, half a century later, the
facility hasn't entirely snuffed out its
legend. She stares at me, her expression
unreadable in the gloom.
>> What project?
>> Judas, I say, the word heavy on my
tongue.
Project Judas was helmed by a
biochemist,
a brilliant man named Arlagen Screech.
The project's aim was to create a
weapon, a life form that could
assimilate targets into its being,
absorbing their capabilities.
Such a function would provide it with
near limitless potential.
The problem was
steel rattles. It's coming from out
there at the bunker.
There's a groan of warping metal like
the rungs of a ladder slumping beneath
the weight of something titanic.
And I know that the devil is climbing
out of hell.
>> It's here.
>> Maria whimpers, gripping my arm. She
pulls at me, but I'm rooted in place. My
eyes are focused, locked on the bunker
hatch, bathed in moonlight.
There's a wine of hinges, a snap of
bolts. The hatch swings open with a dull
clang, and Maria stumbles backwards in
stammering horror.
I watch full of morbid wonder as a dark
shape lurches out from below.
It buzzes,
crackles like living static.
Cinders glow in its face. Twin eyes in a
void of nothing.
The shadow twists as if scanning the
base, emitting a low digital hum.
>> "Oh my god!"
>> Maria cries. "This can't be. Not again."
>> The creature sees us. It sees me.
It takes a shambling step, kicking up
dust, and its eyes flare, blazing with
the threat of annihilation.
Maria keeps pleading. keeps begging me
to run, but I hardly notice she's there.
This monster, this is why I've come here
tonight. I know it is.
The shadow takes another step. Its eyes
burn brighter, hotter as crimson lashes
from their edges like tears of lava.
And all at once, I feel what Maria
described. I feel it pouring into my
mind like ice water.
I feel it rifling through my thoughts.
>> Chewing up my memories and spitting them
back out.
But I don't resist it. Instead, I
breathe deep and invite it deeper
within.
Go ahead, I think. Have your feel.
And like a passing breeze, the cold soon
begins to fade. The shadow holds my
gaze. Its eyes dim into embers once
more.
Satisfied, it looks skyward. Its body
begins to flicker, glowing with cathode
radiance. And then
six wings burst from its back in a
shower of obsidian static.
>> How are you going to kill that thing?
>> Maria hisses.
I'm not, I tell her. The shadow belts
one final distorted cry before launching
into the air like a streak of midnight.
Three wing beats
and it vanishes beyond the clouds.
>> "No,"
>> she mutters, staring at the empty sky.
>> "You let it escape? Are you insane? It's
going to cause a massacre out there.
>> Yes, I say. I certainly hope so. She
rounds on me, fury and confusion warring
in her eyes.
>> But you said you hunted these things.
What? Gibbs? Are you just lousy at your
job or what?
>> Project Judas had a directive, I say
calmly. A specific one. Its task was to
assimilate hostile entities to
annihilate monsters and boogeymen and
ensure the survival of humanity.
Simply put, it was never made to hurt
people like you and me. And after
everything you've told me, I'm not
convinced it even can. She gapes at me.
Were you even listening? I found a
[__] graveyard down there, Carter. It
burned Arlo's skull into a crisp,
cracked it open, and ate his brains. I
don't care what it was designed for. I
watched it kill a person right in front
of me. Did you? I pick up my briefcase,
giving my ashen clipboard a final
farewell glance. From everything you
described, I question whether Arlo was a
man at all by the time you crossed
paths, if he really was Arlen Screech.
And I think he was. Then it said he's
conducted more than a few experiments on
himself. The glowing eyes. I've never
met a human with a set of those. Have
you?
>> Maybe not. But
>> Arlo never brought you here for an
expose, Maria. He brought you here to
kill you. That was always the plan. She
blinks stunned.
>> No. Is that it?
>> It's like this. I tell her. All those
missing monsters I was looking for, the
strange disappearances and absentee
urban legends, they were being lured by
Arlo. He was feeding his child a steady
supply of anomalies and aberrations.
Just enough to keep it from entering
hibernation.
But then he ran out. That's why he
pulled you in. hungry, ambitious,
willing to do anything for a career
defining story. Thought you'd be an easy
mark and he was right. Maria's shaking
her head, but I can see in her eyes she
doesn't believe her own skepticism.
I press forward. Arlo figured he could
do a little creative twisting of the
narrative down there. coax you into
attacking him maybe and then used that
violence to convince Judas you were
food. You said he kept calling you evil,
vile, monstrous. Almost like it was a
performance.
Well, I don't think that was a
coincidence.
I turned away from her. Unfortunately
for Arlo, he misunderstood his own
creation.
Project Judas wasn't designed to harm
humans. Maria, never. It went against
its core directive.
In that moment, when Arlo offered you as
a sacrifice, a switch flipped in Judas
that made it realize Arlo had crossed
the threshold and had become a monster
himself.
She's quiet. It's a lot to throw at
somebody, so I let her have some time
with her thoughts. As we make our way to
the door, I twist the knob. It opens
with a rusty wine. And this time, Maria
doesn't go rigid with fear, doesn't
start to trimmer with anxiety.
>> You really think Arlo was that screech
guy?
>> She murmurs. I shrug.
Hard to say. It's not as if he's got any
dental records left to check. But based
on what you've told me tonight, I'm
inclined to think so. Seems like Screech
couldn't let his project go.
We carve a path toward my SUV, gleaming
back against the backdrop of ancient
Humvees.
>> I don't get it,
>> Maria says, circling around to the
passenger door. If Judas is as good as
you say, then why'd the facility lock it
up down there?
>> Because there was a whole lot more than
Judas in that bunker, wasn't there? You
mentioned legions of bones, mutated
creatures.
A heave sigh, cracking the door and
clamoring into the driver's seat.
Chances are the facility of yestery year
figured it'd be easier to throw the baby
out with the bath water and just seal
the whole bunker as a matter of
convenience. Then they purged every last
record of that base, wiped their hands
of it. Maria gets inside, closes the
door with a dull thump, and takes a deep
breath.
By the way, thanks for not killing me
back there.
>> Don't mention it. I twist the keys in
the ignition and the vehicle rumbles to
life.
>> So, what do we do now about Judas or
whatever?
>> Nothing, I say, pulling away from the
ruins. As far as I'm concerned, that
creature isn't a monster, and that means
it's not my problem. The SUV rattles as
we turn onto the uneven jungle road.
Maria twists in her seat. She looks back
through the rear window as her worst
memory falls further and further behind
us.
>> If it's not a monster, what is it?
>> Words drift around in my head.
Definitions.
I'm trying to figure out how to explain
what it is that she and I witnessed.
What it is that more people will see in
the coming weeks.
I'm trying to think of a way to tell
Maria that whatever that thing was, she
doesn't need to be afraid of it. None of
us do. I open my mouth to reply, but I'm
interrupted by a discordant howl.
Something distant, shrill.
I squint up through the canopy of
passing vines, and there, soaring
through the sky above us, is a dark
speck against the moonwashed clouds. But
I know if it were closer, I'd see a
shadow with six wings, cinderide eyes,
and a body of black static.
I'd see a guardian angel,
one with plenty of work to do.
[Music]
And that was Judas by JG Martin. A good
reminder that not all monsters are so
bad, as long as they're on your side.
Anyway, a little about the author. JG
Martin writes about monsters and the
things they get up to when we ain't
looking. He currently resides in British
Columbia with his cat Opie and dreams of
someday on in a secret lair behind the
bookshelf. Good luck with that one. This
one's from his book Crooked Gospels,
which you can find at bailocksbooks.com
and on audible.com. Thanks, JG. And do
old Drew Blood a favor, would you
subscribe to his podcast wherever you do
your listening and leave him a five-star
review and a kind word, even if you're
listening on YouTube. He needs soldiers
on all fronts to win this battle and he
appreciates it. To hear a premium adfree
edition of the nights and all the other
episodes, visit simplyscarypodcast.com
today and click patrons in the upper
menu. You'll find yourself at
chillingtales for darknights.com where
you can become a patron for as little as
$5 per month and get access to their
entire audio archive. All ad free and
available to download or stream. Thank
you for your time and for supporting our
sponsors. When you support our sponsors,
you support this show. If you happen to
use Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or
YouTube, you can follow and subscribe to
Chilling Tales for Dark Knights there,
where you'll get all the latest updates
and new releases and have the chance to
interact with them each and every week.
Oh, and you can find Drew Blood on
Facebook and Instagram and sometimes
Twitter. The Drew Blood's Dark Tales
podcast is accepting submissions,
friend. If you've got a story or two
you'd like to be featured on the show,
send it to DrewBloodhor@gmail.com.
If selected, you'll get the full
treatment. 10 bananas.
[Music]
Well, I guess this is where we part
ways, at least till next week. I'd like
to shout out our friend Larry who's
preparing for a certain competition you
may or may not be expecting. Good luck,
Larry, and thanks for all the support.
So, grab a drink for the road, friend,
and may the wind be at your back. May
the road rise up to meet you. I'll see
you all next week. And as always, go
[__] yourselves.
[Music]
Four years later and it's still funny.
Good night, Joe.
Chilling tales for dark knights.
[Music]